RADIUS
WE WISH TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU!
Radius Investments is a privately held real estate company that has a track record of maximizing value and minimizing risk for the customers. RADIUS INVESTMENTS, LLC was formed to offer our clients an
opportunity to invest in exceptional real estate investments. The Radius Team has over 100 years
combined experience in facilitating the acquisition and management of real estate investments including
asset and property management, leasing and re-tenanting, development, and finance. Investments are
required to meet our rigorous acquisition criteria that takes into account annualized and overall returns,
opportunities to create value and profitable exit strategies.
Today we are happy to let you know that we have several vacancies for you to offer. We search for
highly motivated, multi-dimensional individuals, who seek opportunities for growth.
Nowadays our company has been expanding into the markets of several European countries, the USA
and Canada and has been suffering a lack of regional agents, who could cooperate with our new
clients. Therefore we would like to propose you to try yourself with the position of the investment
assistant for our company.
The responsibilities of the investment assistant consist of reception and sending cash assets and
requires only the ability of counting the interest. The candidate doesn't need a special education of a
financier. Though, o f course, we welcome the presence of special education or experience of working
in the financial field.
On a position of our investment assistant, your direct responsibilities will be to deal with the financial
means from our customers (these are the payments and prepayments for various services that clients
orderwith us), which means the direct reception of the funds into your bank account, calculation of all
the expenses and your interest, and transaction of the funds further to one of our regional branches,
depending on the availability of the certain specialists or ordered securities in a particular regional office.
In order to fasten the process of the delivery of the funds, you are supposed to transfer the money by
means of Western Union or Money Gram systems (these systems give you a chance to have the funds
available in any part of the world within the next 10-15 minutes afterthe money has been sent).
Please notice that you receive 10% of the sum for every payment made with your assistance. You
immediately deduct your commission out of the received sum, and we pay all the expenses concerned
with sending money from the sum that is liable to be sent. If you feel that you are interested in this proposal, please click this link to have more information about
the vacancy and to fill in our on-line form.
We are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Your questions are welcome on our e-mail address.
We wish to have a long and profitable relationship with you!



